Update README to help with GitHub Actions (#133)
fatih/color: README.md

c.Println("This prints again cyan...")
```

## GitHub Actions

> To output color in GitHub Actions (or other CI systems that support ANSI colors), make sure to set `color.NoColor = false` so that it bypasses mangling checks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To output color in GitHub Actions (or other CI systems that support ANSI colors), make sure to set `color.NoColor = false` so that it bypasses the check for non-tty output streams. 
```
